docs(gatsby-source-graphql): Fix English and clarify fieldName and typeName (#18937)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: packages/gatsby-source-graphql/README.md

    {
      resolve: "gatsby-source-graphql",
      options: {
        // Arbitrary name for the remote schema Query type
        typeName: "SWAPI",

>         // Field under which the remote schema will be accessible. You'll use this in your GatsbyQuery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Field under which the remote schema will be accessible. You'll use this in your Gatsby query
```

    {
      resolve: "gatsby-source-graphql",
      options: {
        // Arbitrary name for the remote schema Query type
        typeName: "SWAPI",

>         // Field under which the remote schema will be accessible. You'll use this in your GatsbyQuery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Field under which the remote schema will be accessible. You'll use this in your Gatsby query
```
